feat: #26115 - skip WRAPS proving key download when artifacts already present (#26144)
hashgraph/hedera-services: hedera-node/infrastructure/docker/containers/production-next/wraps-proving-key/README.md

curl -fSLo wraps-v1.0.0.tar.gz https://builds.hedera.com/tss/hiero/wraps/v1.0/wraps-v1.0.0.tar.gz
shasum -a 384 -c <<< "620cbcf69098d31a0893081cb76113ee0f72091b3417e601178cdc376c81e5c2407c1827d123df44bccb78ad4bb11fb3  wraps-v1.0.0.tar.gz"
mkdir wraps-v1.0.0 && tar xzf wraps-v1.0.0.tar.gz -C wraps-v1.0.0
printf '%s\n' 620cbcf69098d31a0893081cb76113ee0f72091b3417e601178cdc376c81e5c2407c1827d123df44bccb78ad4bb11fb3 > wraps-v1.0.0/wraps.sha384
podman build -f path/to/this/Containerfile -t <registry>/wraps-proving-key:v1.0.0 wraps-v1.0.0
podman push <registry>/wraps-proving-key:v1.0.0
```

Works identically with `docker build`/`docker push` or `buildah`. Tag per artifact version;

> consumers should pin by digest. At runtime the consensus node compares the `wraps.sha384` sidecar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consumers should pin by digest. Assuming all required artifacts are present in the path, the consensus node compares the `wraps.sha384` sidecar
```

Author: Applied your "Assuming all required artifacts are present in the path" wording (with "hash file" instead of "sidecar" per the other comment). Fixed in 910add3534.
